Release v0.9.0 (#103)
meilisearch/documentation: guides/advanced_guides/keys.md

# Keys

In MeiliSearch there are three types of keys:

- The **Master** key has access to all routes.
- The **Private** key has access to all routes except the `/keys` routes.
- The **Public** key has only access to the following routes:
    - `GET /indexes/:index_uid/search`

>     - `GET /indexes/:index_uid/search`

Author: For some reason, I cannot commit your suggestion so: #192

    - `GET /indexes/:index_uid/documents`
    - `GET /indexes/:index_uid/documents/:doc_id`

When a master key is given to MeiliSearch, the engine will also generate one private, and one public key. **You cannot create additional keys**.

### Master Key

When launching an instance of MeiliSearch, you have the possibility to give a master key. By providing a master key, all routes in MeiliSearch will be protected and will require a key to access.

You can specify this key by passing the `MEILI_MASTER_KEY` environment variable, or with the command line argument `--master-key`.

With this master key, you can retrieve the private, and the public keys using the [keys route](/references/keys.md).

On each API call, the key must be added in [the header](/references/#authentication).

#### No master key

If no master key is given, all routes in MeiliSearch can be accessed without a key.

### Reset keys

> Since the private, and public keys are generated based on your master key, you must change the master key to reset the two other ones.

Author: This coma should not be there.

> Since the private, and public keys are generated based on your master key, you must change the master key to reset the two other ones.

Reviewer: yes we are agree

This means that you will have to restart MeiliSearch with the new master key.

**All key will be changed**. This means that a single key can not be revoked.

> Nothing will be lost on instance relaunch, only the keys will be different.

Author: Why is it not clear?

> Nothing will be lost on instance relaunch, only the keys will be different.

Reviewer: `Nothing will be lost on instance relaunch` what is nothing.
`only the keys will be different.` what do you mean by different.

> Nothing will be lost on instance relaunch, only the keys will be different.

Author: #194

# Keys

In MeiliSearch there are three types of keys:

- **Master** key: access to all routes.
- **Private** key: access to all routes except the `/keys` routes.

> - **Public** key: only access:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The **Master** key have access to all routes.
- The **Private** key have access to all routes except the `/keys` routes.
- The **Public** key have only access to the following routes:
```

>     - `GET /indexes/search`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - `GET /indexes/:index_uid/search`
```

    - `GET /indexes/:index_uid/search`
    - `GET /indexes/:index_uid/documents`
    - `GET /indexes/:index_uid/documents/:doc_id`

> When a master key is given, MeiliSearch will have one master key and generate one private key and one public key. **You can not create additionals keys**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When a master key is given to MeiliSearch, the engine will also generate one private, and one public key. **You cannot create additional keys**.
```

Please in the future, could you use "cannot" instead of "can not", IIRC that's your 42 friend who told us about that :)

### Master Key

When launching an instance of MeiliSearch, you have the possibility to give a master key. By providing a master key, all routes in MeiliSearch will be protected and will require a key to access.

You can communicate it as:
- an environment variable: `MEILI_MASTER_KEY=xxx`

> - a CLI option: `./meilisearch --master-key "xxx"`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can specify this key by passing the `MEILI_MASTER_KEY` environment variable, or with the command line argument `--master-key`.
```

> With this master key, you can retrieve the private key and the public using the [keys route](/references/keys.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With this master key, you can retrieve the private, and the public keys using the [keys route](/references/keys.md).
```

> On each API call, the key must be added in [the header](/references/#authentication). Depending on the provided key you will have different permissions ([see above](/guides/advanced_guides/keys.md)).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On each API call, the key must be added in [the header](/references/#authentication).
```

> #### No master Key

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#### No master key
```

If no master key is given, all routes in MeiliSearch can be accessed without a key.

### Reset keys

> Since the private and public keys are generated based on your master key, you must change the master key to reset these both keys.<br>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Since the private, and public keys are generated based on your master key, you must change the master key to reset the two other ones.

```

> This means that you will have to relaunch the MeiliSearch instance with a new master key.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This means that you will have to restart MeiliSearch with the new master key.
```
